                                     [PD-S Viewer end-user license agreements]

The use of PD-S Viewer (hereinafter, "Software") is subject to the terms and conditions 
of use listed below. Furthermore, by starting to use Software, you are agreeing to these 
terms and conditions.

1. FUJIFILM Corporation (hereinafter, "Fujifilm") grants a non-exclusive and 
   non-transferable right to use Software under the following terms to the end 
   user of Software (hereinafter, "Licensee").
   1) Ownership of software
      Copyright of Software, including intellectual properties, are retained by Fujifilm 
      or the multiple third parties (hereinafter referred collectively as "Licensors") 
      who have granted Fujifilm the right to use and redistribution rights for the software 
      that Fujifilm has incorporated into the Software under license from multiple third 
      parties.
   2) Compliance Rules
      Licensee will comply with the following terms, and will lose the right to use 
      the Software if violated.
        (1)  Licensee shall not use Software in any form other than as software embedded 
             in electronic media beforehand.
        (2)  Licensee shall not duplicate the manual included with Software.
        (3)  Licensee shall not transfer, rent, or re-license Software to a third party.
        (4)  Licensee shall not duplicate Software in any form other than as software 
             embedded in electronic media created by the Fujifilm application.
        (5)  Licensee shall make no attempt to reverse engineer, reverse assemble, reverse 
             compile, or extract the source code of Software.
        (6)  Licensee shall not take Software outside the country.
        (7)  Licensee shall recognize that Software includes confidential information from 
             Fujifilm and Licensors.  Licensee shall protect the confidentiality of this 
             information, to at least the same extent that Licensee protects its own 
             sensitive information.
   3) Items of agreement
       The licensee should understand the following items about Software.
        (1)  THIS PRODUCT IS NOT INTENDED FOR DIAGNOSTIC PURPOSES. 
             FUJIFILM AND THE LICENSOR ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITY 
             WHATSOEVER FOR ANY USE OF THE SOFTWARE AS A DIAGNOSTIC TOOL.
2. Fujifilm and Licensors do not grant or transfer to Licensee any rights to Software 
   except as provided explicitly in this document.
3. Fujifilm and Licensors shall be able to directly exercise the rights set forth in 
   this document with respect to Licensee.
4. Software is provided to Licensee "as is". Fujifilm does not warrant Software's 
   merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose, does not warrant that Software 
   does not infringe the rights of third parties, and assumes no obligation to provide 
   technical support.
5. Fujifilm shall not be held liable for any damages or secondary damages under any 
   circumstances that arise indirectly, incidentally, consequentially, or specifically 
   based on the use of Software or accompanying manual. This is not applicable to the 
   extent Fujifilm is intentionally or grossly negligent in the damage.
6. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of 
   Japan without regard to its conflict of laws principles.
7. All disputes arising in relation to this agreement shall be resolved with the Tokyo 
   District Court as the exclusive court of jurisdiction in the first instance.

